# Daily Leetcode Challenge Solutions

## Today's 15-02-24 
## [2971. Find Polygon With the Largest Perimeter](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-polygon-with-the-largest-perimeter/description/?envType=daily-question&envId=2024-02-15)

**Intuition:**

The given code aims to find the largest possible perimeter of a polygon that can be formed using sides from the array `nums`. The key observation is that to form a polygon, the sum of lengths of any two sides must be greater than the length of the third side. Therefore, to maximize the perimeter, the longest sides should be included, and the condition `nums[i] < pre[i - 1]` is used to ensure this.

**Approach:**

1. The array `nums` is sorted in non-decreasing order.
2. A prefix sum array `pre` is calculated to store the cumulative sum of elements in `nums`.
3. The loop iterates from index `2` to `n-1`, where `n` is the size of `nums`.
4. For each index `i`, it checks if `nums[i]` is less than the cumulative sum of elements before `i` (`pre[i - 1]`).
5. If the condition is true, it means `nums[i]` can be included in the polygon to maximize the perimeter, and the result is updated.
6. Finally, if no valid polygon is found, the result is set to `-1`.

**Time Complexity:**

The time complexity is O(n log n) due to the sorting of the array `nums`. The prefix sum calculation and the loop both take linear time.

**Space Complexity:**

The space complexity is O(n) to store the prefix sum array `pre`. The additional space used is proportional to the size of the input array.

Overall, the code efficiently identifies the largest possible perimeter of a polygon by considering the sorting and prefix sum calculation.


# Code
```
class Solution {
public:
    long long largestPerimeter(vector<int>& nums) {
        sort(nums.begin(), nums.end());
        int n = nums.size();
        long long ans = 0;
       vector<long long> pre(n);
        pre[0] = nums[0];

        for (int i = 1; i < n; ++i)  pre[i] = pre[i - 1] + nums[i];
            for (int i = 2; i < n; ++i) {
            if (nums[i] < pre[i - 1]) {
                ans = max(ans, pre[i]);
            }
        }

        if (ans == 0)  ans = -1;
        return ans;
    }
};

```
