# Daily Leetcode Challenge Solutions

This is my attempt to make the coding experience easier for you guys so that you can easily learn what to do in today's leetcode challenge.

## Always here to assist you guys.

## Today's 22-02-24 
## [997. Find the Town Judge](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-town-judge/description/?envType=daily-question&envId=2024-02-22)

**Intuition:**
The approach here is to use an array `degree` to keep track of the in-degree and out-degree of each person in the town. For each trust relationship `[a, b]`, we decrement the trust of person `a` and increment the trust of person `b`. The town judge is the person with in-degree `n-1` and out-degree `0`, as the judge trusts nobody and is trusted by everybody else.

### Approach

1. Initialize an array `degree` of size `n+1` to keep track of the in-degree and out-degree of each person in the town.

2. Iterate through the `trust` array, for each trust relationship `[a, b]`:
   - Decrement the trust of person `a` by 1.
   - Increment the trust of person `b` by 1.

3. Iterate through the `degree` array from index 1 to `n`:
   - Check if the trust count (`degree[i]`) is equal to `n-1`. If true, return `i` as the town judge.

4. If no town judge is found during the iteration, return `-1` to indicate that there is no town judge.


**Time Complexity:**
- The loop over the `trust` array has a time complexity of `O(N)`, where `N` is the number of trust relationships.
- The second loop over the `degree` array has a time complexity of `O(N)`, where `N` is the number of people in the town.
- Therefore, the overall time complexity is `O(N)`.

**Space Complexity:**
- The `degree` array has a space complexity of `O(N)` since we need to keep track of the in-degree and out-degree of each person.
- There is a constant amount of extra space used for variables.
- Therefore, the overall space complexity is `O(N)`.


# Complexity
- Time complexity : $O(n)$
<!-- Add your time complexity here, e.g. $$O(n)$$ -->
$n$ : length of the input array `nums`
- Space complexity : $O(n)$
<!-- Add your space complexity here, e.g. $$O(n)$$ -->

# Code
```
class Solution {
public:
    int findJudge(int n, vector<vector<int>>& trust) {
        vector<int> degree(n+1, 0);
        for(auto v : trust) {
            degree[v[0]]--;
            degree[v[1]]++;
        }
        for(int i=1; i<=n; i++) {
            if(degree[i] == n-1) return i;
        }
        return -1;
    }
};
```
