
# Leetcode Daily Challenge Solutions

This is my attempt to make the coding experience easier for you guys so that you can easily learn what to do in today's leetcode challenge.


## Always here to assist you guys.

## Today's 02-02-24 
## [1291. Sequential Digits](https://leetcode.com/problems/sequential-digits/description/?envType=daily-question&envId=2024-02-02)


**Intuition:**

The given code aims to find all integers in the range `[low, high]` that have sequential digits. Sequential digits mean that each digit in the number is one more than the previous digit. The code generates all possible substrings of sequential digits from the string "123456789" for various lengths, converts them to integers, and checks if they fall within the specified range. The valid integers are then added to the result vector.

**Approach:**

1. The code uses a nested loop to iterate over possible lengths of sequential digits (`len`) and starting indices (`startIdx`) in the string "123456789".
2. For each combination of length and starting index, it extracts a substring from the original string, converts it to an integer using `stoi`, and checks if the integer is within the range `[low, high]`.
3. If the integer is valid, it is added to the result vector (`ans`).

**Time Complexity:**

- Let n be the length of the string "123456789". The nested loops generate all possible substrings of sequential digits. The outer loop has a maximum of n iterations, and the inner loop has a maximum of n iterations.
- The `stoi` function also has a time complexity proportional to the length of the string it is converting.
- Therefore, the overall time complexity is O(n^2 * m), where n is the length of the string and m is the average length of valid integers in the range.

**Space Complexity:**

- The space complexity is O(1) because the code uses a constant amount of space for variables like `s`, `ans`, `temp`, and `poss`. The size of these variables does not depend on the input size.

**Note:**

- The code could be optimized by avoiding string conversion and directly generating integers while iterating over possible digits and lengths, but the current approach provides a straightforward solution.



# Code
```
class Solution {
public:
    vector<int> sequentialDigits(int low, int high) {
        string s = "123456789";
        vector<int> ans;
        for(int len = 2; len <= s.length(); len++){
            for(int startIdx=0; startIdx<=s.length()-len; startIdx++){
                string temp = s.substr(startIdx, len);
                int poss = stoi(temp);

                if(poss>= low && poss <= high) ans.push_back(poss);
            }
        }
        return ans;
    }
};

```