# Daily Leetcode Challenge Solutions

## Today's 24-02-24 
## [543. Diameter of Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/diameter-of-binary-tree/description/?envType=daily-question&envId=2024-02-27)

## Intuition:
The problem involves finding the diameter of a binary tree, which is the length of the longest path between any two nodes. This path may or may not pass through the root. The solution seems to involve calculating the height of each node's left and right subtrees and updating the diameter based on the sum of these heights.

## Approach:
1. The `diameterOfBinaryTree` function initializes the diameter to 0.
2. It calls the `height` function recursively to calculate the height of each node's left and right subtrees.
3. Within the `height` function, if the node is `nullptr`, it returns 0.
4. It calculates the height of the left subtree (`lh`) and the right subtree (`rh`) recursively.
5. It updates the diameter with the sum of left and right subtree heights.
6. Returns `1 + max(lh, rh)`, representing the height of the current subtree rooted at the given node.

## Time Complexity:
The time complexity of the code is O(N), where N is the number of nodes in the binary tree. This is because each node is visited once, and the height of each node is calculated in a single traversal.

## Space Complexity:
The space complexity is O(H), where H is the height of the binary tree. This is due to the recursive call stack, which can go as deep as the height of the tree. In the worst case, for a skewed tree, the space complexity is O(N), but in a balanced tree, it is O(log N).



# Code
```
/**
 * Definition for a binary tree node.
 * struct TreeNode {
 *     int val;
 *     TreeNode *left;
 *     TreeNode *right;
 *     TreeNode() : val(0), left(nullptr), right(nullptr) {}
 *     TreeNode(int x) : val(x), left(nullptr), right(nullptr) {}
 *     TreeNode(int x, TreeNode *left, TreeNode *right) : val(x), left(left), right(right) {}
 * };
 */
class Solution {
public:
    int diameterOfBinaryTree(TreeNode* root) {
        int diameter = 0;
        height(root,diameter);
        return diameter;
    }
    private:
    int height(TreeNode* node, int& diameter) {
        if(!node) return 0;
        int lh= height(node-> left,diameter);
        int rh= height(node-> right,diameter);
        diameter = max(diameter, lh+rh);
        return 1 + max(lh,rh);
    }
};

```
