# Daily Leetcode Challenge Solutions

## Today's 17-02-24 
## [1642. Furthest Building You Can Reach](https://leetcode.com/problems/furthest-building-you-can-reach/description/?envType=daily-question&envId=2024-02-17)

**Intuition:**

The approach employs a priority queue to track the difference in heights between buildings. Whenever a jump is needed (i.e., the current building's height is less than the next one), the difference in heights is stored in the priority queue. If the priority queue size exceeds the number of available ladders, the smallest difference (top element) is removed, and the corresponding bricks are used. This process continues until either all jumps are made or there are not enough bricks to complete a jump.

**Approach:**

1. Initialize a priority queue (pq) to track the differences in heights between consecutive buildings.
2. Iterate through the buildings (up to the second-to-last one).
3. Calculate the height difference (jumpLen) between the current building and the next one.
4. If a jump is required (i.e., jumpLen > 0), add it to the priority queue.
5. If the size of the priority queue exceeds the number of available ladders (ladders), pop the smallest difference from the queue and deduct its value from the available bricks (bricks).
6. If the remaining bricks become negative, return the index of the current building.
7. Continue this process until all jumps are made or there are insufficient bricks to complete a jump.
8. If the loop completes, return the index of the last building.

**Time Complexity:**

- The time complexity is O(N log K), where N is the number of buildings and K is the number of available ladders. 
- The priority queue operations take log K time, and there are N - 1 jumps between buildings.


**Space Complexity:**

- The space complexity is O(K) for the priority queue, where K is the number of available ladders. 
- The size of the priority queue is at most K.
- Therefore, the overall space complexity is O(K).



# Code
```
class Solution {
public:
    int furthestBuilding(vector<int>& heights, int bricks, int ladders) {
        priority_queue<int, vector<int>, greater<int>> pq;
        for(int i = 0; i < heights.size() - 1; i++) {
            int jumpLen = heights[i+1] - heights[i];
            if(jumpLen > 0) pq.push(jumpLen);
            if (pq.size() > ladders) {
                bricks -= pq.top();
                pq.pop();
            }
            if (bricks < 0) return i;
        }
        return heights.size() - 1;
    }
};
```
