## Today's 07-02-24 
## [451. Sort Characters By Frequency](https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-characters-by-frequency/description/?envType=daily-question&envId=2024-02-07)

**Intuition:**
The intuition behind the code is to first count the frequency of each character in the given string using an unordered map. Then, create a bucket to store characters based on their frequency. Finally, concatenate the characters in decreasing order of frequency to obtain the sorted string.

**Approach:**
1. Count the frequency of each character using an unordered map (`freq`).
2. Create a vector of vectors (`bucketData`) to store characters based on their frequency.
3. Iterate through the characters in the frequency map and add them to the corresponding frequency bucket in `bucketData`.
4. Concatenate the characters in decreasing order of frequency to obtain the sorted string (`ans`).

**Time Complexity:**
Let n be the length of the input string s.
- The loop that counts the frequency takes O(n) time.
- The loop that populates `bucketData` takes O(n) time.
- The loop that constructs the result string takes O(n) time.

Therefore, the overall time complexity is O(n).

**Space Complexity:**
- The unordered map (`freq`) stores the frequency of each character, taking O(n) space in the worst case.
- The vector of vectors (`bucketData`) stores characters based on their frequency, taking O(n) space.
- The result string (`ans`) also takes O(n) space.

Therefore, the overall space complexity is O(n).


# Code
```
class Solution {
public:
    string frequencySort(string s) {
        unordered_map<char, int> freq;
        for(auto ch : s) freq[ch]++;

        vector<vector<char>> bucketData(s.length() + 1);
        for(auto [ch, fq] : freq) bucketData[fq].push_back(ch);

         string ans = "";

         for(int fq=s.length(); fq>=1; fq--){
             for(auto ch : bucketData[fq])
                ans.append(fq, ch);
         }
        return ans;
       
    }
};

```
