## Today's 05-02-24 
## [387. First Unique Character in a String](https://leetcode.com/problems/first-unique-character-in-a-string/description/?envType=daily-question&envId=2024-02-05)


**Intuition:**
The goal is to find the index of the first non-repeating character in the given string. To achieve this, the code uses an unordered map to count the occurrences of each character in the string. Then, it iterates through the string again to find the first character with a count of 1, indicating it is non-repeating.

**Approach:**
1. Create an unordered map `mp` to store the count of each character in the string.
2. Iterate through the string and update the counts in the map.
3. Iterate through the string again, and for each character, check its count in the map.
4. Return the index of the first character with a count of 1.
5. If no such character is found, return -1.

**Time Complexity:**
- The code iterates through the string twice.
- The first iteration updates the counts in the unordered map, which takes O(n) time, where n is the length of the string.
- The second iteration checks the count for each character, which also takes O(n) time in the worst case.
- Therefore, the overall time complexity is O(n).

**Space Complexity:**
- The unordered map `mp` is used to store the counts of characters.
- In the worst case, all characters are unique, and the map could have a size of O(n), where n is the length of the string.
- Therefore, the space complexity is O(n).



# Code
```
class Solution {
public:
    int firstUniqChar(string s) {
       unordered_map<char, int> mp;
        for (auto a : s) mp[a]++;


        for (int i = 0; i < s.size(); i++) {
            if (mp[s[i]] == 1) {
               
                return i;
            }
        }
        return -1;
    }
}; 


```