# Daily Leetcode Challenge Solutions

## Today's 16-02-24 
## [1481. Least Number of Unique Integers after K Removals](https://leetcode.com/problems/least-number-of-unique-integers-after-k-removals/description/?envType=daily-question&envId=2024-02-16)

**Intuition:**

The given code aims to find the least number of unique integers after removing exactly k elements from the array. It uses a frequency map to count the occurrences of each element in the array. Then, it counts the frequencies of these frequencies and iterates through them to determine the minimum number of unique integers after removal.

**Approach:**

1. Create a frequency map (`freq`) to store the count of each element in the array.
2. Create a vector (`countOfFrequencies`) to store the count of frequencies of elements.
3. Initialize `remainingUniqueElements` to the total number of unique elements in the array.
4. Iterate through the frequencies of frequencies and calculate the number of elements to remove for each frequency.
5. Update `k` and `remainingUniqueElements` accordingly.
6. Return `remainingUniqueElements` as the result.

**Time Complexity:**

- Constructing the frequency map takes O(n) time, where n is the size of the input array.
- Constructing the countOfFrequencies vector also takes O(n) time.
- The main loop iterates through frequencies, and the overall time complexity is O(n).

Therefore, the total time complexity is O(n).

**Space Complexity:**

- The space complexity is primarily determined by the storage of frequencies in the `freq` map and `countOfFrequencies` vector.
- The space complexity is O(n) due to the storage of frequencies.

Therefore, the overall space complexity is O(n).



# Code
```
class Solution {
public:
    int findLeastNumOfUniqueInts(vector<int>& arr, int k) {
        unordered_map<int, int> freq;
        for(int el : arr) freq[el]++;

       int n = arr.size();
       vector<int> countOfFrequencies(n+1, 0);
       for(auto p : freq) countOfFrequencies[p.second]++;

       int remainingUniqueElements = freq.size();
       for(int frq = 1; frq <= n; frq++) {
           int numElementsToRemove = min(k / frq, countOfFrequencies[frq]);

           k -= (frq * numElementsToRemove);
           remainingUniqueElements -= numElementsToRemove;
           if (k < frq) return remainingUniqueElements;
       
        }
        return 0;
    }
};

```
