
# Leetcode Daily Challenge Solutions

This is my attempt to make the coding experience easier for you guys so that you can easily learn what to do in today's leetcode challenge.


## Always here to assist you guys.

## Today's 30-01-24 
## [739. Daily Temperatures](https://leetcode.com/problems/daily-temperatures/description/?envType=daily-question&envId=2024-01-31)


**Intuition:**
The given problem requires us to find, for each day, the number of days we have to wait to get a warmer temperature. We can iterate through the temperatures array and maintain a stack to keep track of the indices of temperatures that we need to find warmer days for.

**Approach:**
1. Initialize an array `ans` with all elements set to 0. This array will store the number of days we have to wait for a warmer temperature for each day.
2. Iterate through the temperatures array from right to left.
3. For each day, check if the temperature is greater than or equal to the `hottest` temperature encountered so far. If yes, update `hottest` to the current temperature and continue to the next iteration.
4. If the current temperature is less than `hottest`, initialize `days` to 1 and enter a while loop.
5. In the while loop, check if the temperature of the day `i + days` is less than or equal to the current day's temperature. If yes, add the number of days we have to wait for a warmer temperature for the day `i + days` (which is stored in `ans[i + days]`) to `days`.
6. Update `ans[i]` with the value of `days`.
7. Continue the iteration until we find a day with a temperature higher than the current day.
8. Finally, return the `ans` array.

**Time Complexity:**
The time complexity of this approach is O(N), where N is the number of elements in the temperatures array. This is because we iterate through the array once, and each element is processed only once.

**Space Complexity:**
The space complexity is O(1), as we are using a constant amount of space to store variables (`ans`, `hottest`, `days`). The extra space required for the output array is not counted in space complexity analysis.


# Code
```

class Solution {
public:
    vector<int> dailyTemperatures(vector<int>& temperatures) {
        int n = temperatures.size();
        vector<int> ans(n, 0);
        int hottest = -1;

        for(int i=n-1; i>=0; i--){
            if(temperatures[i] >= hottest){
                hottest = temperatures[i];
                continue;
            }
            int days = 1;
            while(temperatures[i + days] <= temperatures[i]){
                days += ans[i + days];
            }
            ans[i] = days;
        }

        return ans;
    }
};

```