## Today's 22-01-24 
## [645. Set Mismatch](https://leetcode.com/problems/set-mismatch/description/?envType=daily-question&envId=2024-01-22)


**Intuition:**

The given problem involves finding a duplicate number and a missing number in an array. The algorithm takes advantage of the fact that each number originally represents an index in the array, and it utilizes a marking technique to identify the duplicate and locate the missing number.

**Approach:**

1. **Marking Duplicates:**
   - Iterate through each number `num` in the array.
   - Check whether the corresponding number at the absolute value of `num` is negative.
   - If it is negative, then `num` is the duplicate. Otherwise, make the corresponding number negative to mark its existence.

2. **Finding the Missing Number:**
   - After marking the duplicate, iterate through the modified `nums` array.
   - Find the positive number; its index plus 1 is the missing number.

3. **Return the Result:**
   - Return a vector containing the duplicate and missing numbers.

4. **Exception Handling (Optional):**
   - Include a `throw` statement to avoid a compilation warning about control reaching the end of a non-void function. In practice, this line will never be reached, as the function always returns the result before reaching it.

**Summary:**
The algorithm leverages the marking technique to identify the duplicate and then finds the missing number by locating the positive number in the modified array. The approach is efficient with a time complexity of O(n) and a space complexity of O(1).



# Code
```

class Solution {
 public:
  vector<int> findErrorNums(vector<int>& nums) {
    int duplicate;

    for (const int num : nums)
      if (nums[abs(num) - 1] < 0)
        duplicate = abs(num);
      else
        nums[abs(num) - 1] *= -1;

    for (int i = 0; i < nums.size(); ++i)
      if (nums[i] > 0)
        return {duplicate, i + 1};

    throw;
  }
};

```