## Today's 18-01-24 
## [70. Climbing Stairs](https://leetcode.com/problems/climbing-stairs/description/?envType=daily-question&envId=2024-01-18)


## Problem Statement:
You are climbing a staircase with n steps. Each time you can either climb 1 or 2 steps. The task is to find the number of distinct ways to climb to the top.

## Intuition:
The problem exhibits a classic example of a dynamic programming solution. The number of ways to reach a particular step depends on the number of ways to reach the previous two steps, as you can climb either 1 or 2 steps at a time.

## Approach:
1. **Base Cases:** If the number of steps `n` is 0 or 1, there is only one way to climb (i.e., not climbing any step or climbing the only step). Return 1 in these cases.

2. **Dynamic Programming Array:** Create a dynamic programming array `dp` of size `n+1` to store the number of ways to reach each step.

3. **Initialization:** Set `dp[0]` and `dp[1]` to 1, as there is one way to reach the 0th and 1st steps.

4. **Fill DP Array:** Iterate from step 2 to `n`. For each step `i`, calculate `dp[i]` as the sum of ways to reach the previous two steps, i.e., `dp[i-1] + dp[i-2]`.

5. **Result:** The final result is stored in `dp[n]`, representing the number of distinct ways to climb to the top of the staircase.

## Example:
- For `n = 2`, the DP array would be `[1, 1, 2]`, and the answer is `dp[2] = 2`.
- For `n = 3`, the DP array would be `[1, 1, 2, 3]`, and the answer is `dp[3] = 3`.

## Constraints:
- The given constraints are `1 <= n <= 45`.

## Time Complexity:
The time complexity of the provided code is O(n). This is because the code involves a single loop that iterates from 2 to n, and within each iteration, constant time operations are performed. Therefore, the time complexity is linear with respect to the input size n.

## Space Complexity:
The space complexity of the code is O(n). This is due to the dynamic programming array `dp` of size n+1. As the size of the array grows linearly with the input size n, the space complexity is O(n). The rest of the variables used in the code take constant space.



# Code
```

class Solution {
public:
    int climbStairs(int n) {
        if(n ==0 || n== 1) {
            return 1;
        }
        vector<int> dp(n+1);
        dp[0] = dp[1] = 1;

        for(int i = 2;i<=n;i++) {
            dp[i]= dp[i-1] + dp[i-2];
        }
        return dp[n];
        
    }
};