## Today's 16-01-24 
## [380. Insert Delete GetRandom O(1)](https://leetcode.com/problems/insert-delete-getrandom-o1/?envType=daily-question&envId=2024-01-16)

**Intuition:**

- We need to design a data structure that supports insertion, removal, and fetching a random element in average O(1) time.
- To achieve this, we can use a vector to store the elements and an unordered_map to store the mapping of each element to its index in the vector.
- For insertion, we append the element to the vector and update its index in the unordered_map.
- For removal, we swap the element to be removed with the last element in the vector, update the index of the last element in the unordered_map, and then remove the last element from the vector.
- For fetching a random element, we generate a random index within the size of the vector and return the element at that index.

**Approach:**

1. We use a vector `v` to store the elements.
2. We use an unordered_map `mp` to store the mapping of each element to its index in the vector.
3. The `search` function checks whether an element is present in the set or not.
4. The `insert` function inserts an element into the set if it is not already present.
5. The `remove` function removes an element from the set if it is present.
6. The `getRandom` function returns a random element from the set.
7. To remove an element, we swap it with the last element in the vector, update its index in the unordered_map, and then remove the last element.
8. The `getRandom` function generates a random index within the size of the vector and returns the element at that index. This ensures that each element has an equal probability of being selected.


**Time Complexity:**

- The `insert` and `remove` operations, on average, have a time complexity of O(1) because unordered_map allows constant time average case for insertion, deletion, and search.
- The `getRandom` operation also has a time complexity of O(1) as it involves generating a random index within the vector.

**Space Complexity:**

- The space complexity is O(N), where N is the number of elements in the set.
- The vector `v` stores the elements, which requires O(N) space.
- The unordered_map `mp` stores the mapping of each element to its index, which also requires O(N) space in the worst case.
- Overall, the space complexity is linear with respect to the number of elements in the set.



# Code
```
 
class RandomizedSet {
    vector<int> v;
    unordered_map<int,int> mp;
public:
   
    RandomizedSet() {
    }

    bool search(int val){

         if(mp.find(val)!=mp.end())
            return true;
         return false;

    }

    
    bool insert(int val) {

        if(search(val))
            return false;

        v.push_back(val);
        mp[val] = v.size()-1;
        return true;
    }

    
    bool remove(int val) {

        if(!search(val))
            return false;

       
        auto it = mp.find(val);
        v[it->second] = v.back();
        v.pop_back();
        mp[v[it->second]] = it->second;
        mp.erase(val);
        return true;
    }

   
    int getRandom() {

        return v[rand()%v.size()];
    }
};



```