# Leetcode Daily Challenge Solutions

This is my attempt to make the coding experience easier for you guys so that you can easily learn what to do in today's leetcode challenge.

## Always here to assist you guys.

## Today's 15-03-24 

## [238. Product of Array Except Self](https://leetcode.com/problems/product-of-array-except-self/?envType=daily-question&envId=2024-03-15)

### Intuition:
The idea behind the given code is to calculate the product of all elements to the left and right of each element in the input array, excluding the current element itself. This is done efficiently in a single pass through the array by maintaining two variables: `begin` for the product of elements encountered from the beginning and `last` for the product of elements encountered from the end.

### Approach:
1. Initialize a vector `ans` to store the result, initially filled with 1's.
2. Initialize variables `begin` and `last` to 1.
3. Iterate through the input array `nums`.
4. For each element `nums[i]`, update `ans[i]` by multiplying it with `begin` and update `begin` by multiplying it with `nums[i]`.
5. Similarly, update `ans[n-i-1]` (for the elements from the end) by multiplying it with `last` and update `last` by multiplying it with `nums[n-i-1]`.
6. Return the `ans` vector.

### Time Complexity:
The time complexity of the given approach is O(n), where n is the size of the input array `nums`. This is because we traverse the array once to calculate the products.

### Space Complexity:
The space complexity of the given approach is O(n) as well. This is due to the extra space used to store the `ans` vector, which is of the same size as the input array `nums`. The space complexity does not depend on the input size alone, but on the size of the output as well, which is the same as the input. Therefore, the space complexity remains O(n).


# Code
```
class Solution {
public:
    vector<int> productExceptSelf(vector<int>& nums) 
    {
        vector<int> ans(nums.size(), 1);
        int begin = 1, last = 1, n = nums.size();

        for(int i=0; i<n; i++)
        {
            //  Maintain product from the beginning
            ans[i] *= begin;
            begin *= nums[i];

            // //  Maintain product from the end
            ans[n-i-1] *= last;
            last *= nums[n-i-1];
        }

        return ans;    
    }
};

```
