# Leetcode Daily Challenge Solutions

This is my attempt to make the coding experience easier for you guys so that you can easily learn what to do in today's leetcode challenge.

## Always here to assist you guys.

## Today's 17-03-24 

## [57. Insert Interval](https://leetcode.com/problems/insert-interval/?envType=daily-question&envId=2024-03-17)


**Intuition:**
The given problem requires inserting a new interval into a sorted list of non-overlapping intervals and merging any overlapping intervals if necessary. To achieve this, we iterate through the list of intervals, comparing them with the new interval to determine the position where the new interval should be inserted. During this process, we also merge any overlapping intervals with the new interval if needed.

**Approach:**
1. Initialize an empty list `merged` to store the merged intervals.
2. Iterate through the list of intervals:
   - If the end of the current interval is less than the start of the new interval, push the current interval into the `merged` list.
   - If there's an overlap between the current interval and the new interval, merge them by updating the start and end of the new interval accordingly.
   - Continue this process until there are no more intervals to process.
3. Push the new interval (merged with overlapping intervals) into the `merged` list.
4. Append any remaining intervals from the original list.
5. Return the `merged` list as the result.

**Time Complexity:**
The time complexity of the solution is O(n), where n is the number of intervals in the input list. This is because we iterate through the intervals once to find the insertion point and merge overlapping intervals if necessary.

**Space Complexity:**
The space complexity of the solution is also O(n). This is due to the additional space required to store the merged intervals in the `merged` list, which could potentially hold all intervals from the original list in the worst case.


# Code
```
class Solution {
public:
    vector<vector<int>> insert(vector<vector<int>>& intervals, vector<int>& newInterval) {
        vector<vector<int>> merged;
        int i = 0;

        while (i < intervals.size() && intervals[i][1] < newInterval[0]) {
            merged.push_back(intervals[i]);
            i++;
        }

        while (i < intervals.size() && intervals[i][0] <= newInterval[1]) {
            newInterval = {min(newInterval[0], intervals[i][0]), max(newInterval[1], intervals[i][1])};
            i++;
        }
        merged.push_back(newInterval);

        while (i < intervals.size()) {
            merged.push_back(intervals[i]);
            i++;
        }

        return merged;
    }
};

```
